idea in particular this idea of a
tradition of criticism is an idea that
could really inform history or the study
of history or the study of Sociology
perhaps even the study of psychology to
some extent as well this idea that
criticism
is a thing that allows progress and a
tradition of criticism is something that
is an explanation for the reasons why
there was a stark difference between the
year 1000 and the year 2000 whereas the
EU 1000 was very much like the year zero
and very much like the year 1000 BC
which was very much like the year 10 000
BC
for the majority of human history
things were in stasis things were the
same there wasn't much change going on
and then something remarkable happened
and it's called The Enlightenment and it
led to the Industrial Revolution but
what are the philosophical underpinnings
that caused these massive
transformations